KERELA:

                  The god’s own country is one of the major tourist attraction. The land of God, Kerala
                  is believed to be a gift of the Arabian Sea. The pride of Kerala are Gorgeous and Exotic Beaches,
                  Breathtaking hill Stations, Enchanting waterfalls, Beautiful lagoons, Meandering rivers and
                  Amazing natural scenarios. These colors are made Kerala as a land of beauty and paradise on earth.
                  Kerala is also famous for its Ayurvedic treatments, high mountains, gorges and deep-cut valley,
                  lush and evergreen rain forest and coconuts water and oil and foods items. Kerala houseboats are
                  first and best preference of the tourist to enjoy their moments in beautiful lakes of Kerala.
                                         


                                                 AVAILABLE DATES:

                                                 TRIP NO.         DATES
                                                      1                  22-3-20 to 28-3-20
                                                      2                  02-4-20 to 08-4-20
                                                      3                  24-5-20 to 30-5-20
                                                      4                  17-6-20 to 23-6-20
                                                      5                  24-6-20 to 30-6-20
                                        
                               -------------------------------------------------------------------------

                       ITENARY

                       Day 1: Arrive at Cochin, check-in, and then sightsee places such as Dutch Palace, Fort Kochi
                                          Beach,Jewish Synagogue etc

                       Day 2: Cochin to Munnar.
                                          I would recommend that you drive for this journey. This way you can also enjoy the places you
                                          encounter on the way such as CHeeyappara Waterfalls, Karadippara view point and Valara

                       Day 3: Munnar local tour.You can visit places such as Eravikulam National park, Indo-Swiss
                                          project,Gundala lake, and Mattuppetty dam.

                       Day 4: Munnar to Thekkady, sightseeing and boating.
                                          Travel from Munnar to Thekkady. After checking in, you can visit the Tea-Cardamom plantations.
                                          Then take a boatride through Periyar lake. Then you can tour the Periyar Wildlife Sanctuary,
                                          a spice plantation and more.

                       Day 5: Thekkady to Alleppey.
                                          On the way to Alleppey, you will pass through Kumarakom where you can sight see places such as
                                          Kumarakom bird sanctuary, the Paddy field and more. At Alleppey, you can check into a resort
                                          and enjoy the rest of the day relaxing

                       Day 6: Alleppey to Kovalam.
                                          On the way to Kovalam, you will pass through Trivandrum where you can visit places such as Sree
                                          Padmanabhapuram Palace, Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple and more

                       Day 7: Relaxing at Beaches.Enjoy today relaxing at beaches in Kovalam. Maybe do some water sports
                                          or just sleep in a chair.
                            