SEVEN SISTERS:    

           Safely hidden under the bosom of Mother Nature lies this unexplored land of Northeast which has been
           provoking travellers from far and wide to explore its magnificence. With its unbound nature beauty
           and verdant landscapes,this mystical portion is tucked away in the pristine mountains. This part of
           the country is home to the famous ‘Seven Sisters’Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Meghalaya, Manipur,
           Mizoram, Nagaland and Tripura.

                                    
                                                                                                    
                                               AVAILABLE DATES:

                                               Trip no.                  Dates
                                                   1                       18-3-20 to 28-3-20
                                                   2                       20-4-20 to 12-4-20
                                                   3                       16-5-20 to 26-5-20
                                                   4                       17-6-20 to 27-6-20
                                                   5                       20-6-20 to 30-6-20
                             -------------------------------------------------------------------------

                                          ITENARY

                                          Day 1- reach arunachal pradesh from your city.

                                          Day 2 - Koloriang to Itanagar
                                                  Early morning, after having breakfast, follow the enthralling terrains of Koloriang and
                                                  reach out to Itanagar. After this exhilarating drive, check-in into a hotel in Itanagar
                                                  and relax for the day.

                                          Day 3 -  Itanagar to Guwahati
                                                Gompa Museum and Emporium
                                                Once breakfast is served at the hotel, a short yet merriment sightseeing Itanagar tour,
                                                wherein you can Visit the Gompa Museum and Emporium will be arranged. Post these visits,
                                                you will be driven to Guwahati, the capital city of Assam. Upon arrival in Guwahati, check-
                                                in into the hotel and relax for the day; overnight stay in the hotel.

                                         Day 4 - Guwahati
                                                Tour Ends Here
                                                Post breakfast in the hotel, wrinkle up all the enchanting memories of this lively tour
                                                and head towards the Guwahati Airport. With your arrival at the airport, this pleasant and
                                                wonderful tour will come to an end.

                                        Day 5 -  Mechuka
                                                Buddhist Monastery, Mechuka Valley, Tribal Tour
                                                Enjoy a morning breakfast and then embark a visit to the picturesque Mechuka Valley. The
                                                tour will include a visit to Samtem Yongcha, a Buddhist monastery. In the afternoon, visit
                                                the Memba Tribal Village followed by overnight stay at the hotel.

                                        Day 6 -  Mechuka to Aalo
                                                Local Market Tour After breakfast, make your way back to Aalo. Check-in into the hotel
                                                and spend the day on leisure. Come evening, take a tour to the local market and get
                                                acquainted with the local population and their daily life; overnight stay at the hotel.

                                       Day 7 -  Aalo to Daporijo Galo, Tagin and Ligu villages, Local Market Visit
                                                Today morning, after breakfast in the hotel, you will be driven to Daporijo. While on the
                                                way, visit Galo and Tagin Villages. Upon arrival to Daporijo, check-in into a hotel
                                                followed by a visit to Ligu village as well as the local market; overnight stay at the
                                                hotel.

                                       Day 8 - Daporijo,Tagin, Sippi, Radang and Menga villages
                                               After enjoying a delicious breakfast at the hotel, visit the tribal settlements of Tagin
                                               Village. You will also be visiting some of the other villages around Daporiji; Sippi,
                                               Radang and Menga. Completing these visits,return to the hotel and retire for the day.

                                      Day 9 -  Daporijo to Ziro
                                             Visit the Tribal Areas. Today, you will be driven to the renowned Ziro Village. Popular for
                                             high altitude farming, this village is also one of the highest fish-cultivating villages in
                                             the world. Upon arriving in Ziro, check-in into the hotel. Here onwards, you can visit the
                                             tribal areas of Ziro and witness their delightful culture and behold some of the joyous
                                             memories of your life; overnight stay at the hotel.Where will you stay Hotel Blue Pine or
                                             Similar (Standard)

                                      Day 10 - Ziro Hong village, Handicrafts Centre, Museum, Local Market.Hong Village will be first
                                              destination to visit today. After done with your breakfast in the hotel, you can visit this
                                              tranquil village. In the afternoon, visit the handicrafts centre, museum and also the local
                                              markets; overnight stay at the hotel.

                                      Day 11: departure to city